README.md, before:

![preview](preview.jpg)

# 95CSS
## A Windows 95 style CSS framework

![Version 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.1.0-brightgreen.svg)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/YoshiMannaert/95CSS)
![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2025)
<!-- ![GitHub file size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/size/YoshiMannaert/95css/css%2F95.min.css) -->

### Browser compatibility
![Chrome compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Great-brightgreen)
![Edge compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Edge-Great-brightgreen)
![Safari compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Safari-Good-green)
![Firefox compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-Okay-yellow)

## About
95CSS is a simple CSS framework in the style of the Windows95 O.S.
While we try to get as close as possible to the original Windows95 styling, we have made changes and updates in some places to make it more useable for the modern screen.

## Getting started
To get started, simply include the `css/95css.css` or `css/95css.min.css` file. No downloaden package is availeble atm.

## Styled components
At this moment, the following components have been styled

### Buttons
Including
- Default state
- Active state
- Focused state
- Disabled state
- Highlighted state (Think of this as a "primary" button)

### Inputs
- Text inputs
- Number inputs
- Selects
  - Including [multiple]
- Range
- Color

### Dialogs
Comes in different sizes
Can be used for modals/popups as well as a card component

### Other
- Tabs
- Fieldsets
- Legends
- Dividers (`hr`'s)
- Progress bars
- Scrollbars

## Javascript
Currently, no JavaScript is included in the framework. While this may change in the future to enhance interactivity for certain components—such as tabs, modals, or dropdowns—or to enable more advanced styling, our focus is on providing robust CSS styles that make it easy for you to implement any necessary JavaScript yourself.

## Maintenance
This repository is being actively maintained. Please be aware that we are still in an early stage and any and all styling might change in the future. This includes breaking changes.

## Copyright and license
Code copyright 2025 Yoshi Mannaert. Code released under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Add Figma link in README

README.md, after:

![preview](preview.jpg)

# 95CSS
## A Windows 95 style CSS framework

![Version 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-0.1.0-brightgreen.svg)
![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/YoshiMannaert/95CSS)
![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2025)
<!-- ![GitHub file size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/size/YoshiMannaert/95css/css%2F95.min.css) -->

### Browser compatibility
![Chrome compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Chrome-Great-brightgreen)
![Edge compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Edge-Great-brightgreen)
![Safari compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Safari-Good-green)
![Firefox compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firefox-Okay-yellow)

## About
95CSS is a simple CSS framework in the style of the Windows95 O.S.
While we try to get as close as possible to the original Windows95 styling, we have made changes and updates in some places to make it more useable for the modern screen.

## Getting started
To get started, simply include the `css/95css.css` or `css/95css.min.css` file. No downloaden package is availeble atm.

## Styled components
At this moment, the following components have been styled

### Buttons
Including
- Default state
- Active state
- Focused state
- Disabled state
- Highlighted state (Think of this as a "primary" button)

### Inputs
- Text inputs
- Number inputs
- Selects
  - Including [multiple]
- Range
- Color

### Dialogs
Comes in different sizes
Can be used for modals/popups as well as a card component

### Other
- Tabs
- Fieldsets
- Legends
- Dividers (`hr`'s)
- Progress bars
- Scrollbars

## Javascript
Currently, no JavaScript is included in the framework. While this may change in the future to enhance interactivity for certain components—such as tabs, modals, or dropdowns—or to enable more advanced styling, our focus is on providing robust CSS styles that make it easy for you to implement any necessary JavaScript yourself.

## Maintenance
This repository is being actively maintained. Please be aware that we are still in an early stage and any and all styling might change in the future. This includes breaking changes.

## Design
A community Figma file is available [here](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1460048576678081116/95css).
Please note that this file might not be actively updated.

## Copyright and license
Code copyright 2025 Yoshi Mannaert. Code released under the MIT license.
